README.md, before:

# BubbleBabble
Game made in one week as a qualification for a intercollegiate game jam. Our team (failed like shit|won a place|won second place|won first place) to represent our college Édouard Monpetit. Imposed theme was "Bubbles" so we developped a BattleRoyale game mode in a 2 to 4 local multiplayer.

[Official rules for competition (french)](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B0xPUTrdt1h7UTBiU3RRTzc4ZDg)

## Team Members 
  - Cedric Martens, Programmer and game designer
  - Alexander Winter, Programmer and game designer
  - Marc-Étienne Foster, 3D modeler/artist
  - Sam Tremblay, UI designer/artist
  - Patrice Le Nouveau, Musician and game design support

## Technologies used
  - Unity3D
  - Blender
  - Photoshop
  - Illustrator
  - FL Studio

## Gameplay
The scenery
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/byKnGtv.png)

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/aqNYj3l.png)

### Bubble Pound
Preparing for a pound!
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/evvETkI.png)

Shockwave!
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/k47UuR1.png)
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/tEOHWqP.png)

### Whirpool
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cTlp45E.png)

Commit message:

Added better description for power ups
enhanced bubble pound and whirlpool description

README.md, after:

# BubbleBabble
Game made in one week as a qualification for a intercollegiate game jam. Our team (failed like shit|won a place|won second place|won first place) to represent our college Édouard Monpetit. Imposed theme was "Bubbles" so we developped a BattleRoyale game mode in a 2 to 4 local multiplayer.

[Official rules for competition (french)](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B0xPUTrdt1h7UTBiU3RRTzc4ZDg)

## Team Members 
  - Cedric Martens, Programmer and game designer
  - Alexander Winter, Programmer and game designer
  - Marc-Étienne Foster, 3D modeler/artist
  - Sam Tremblay, UI designer/artist
  - Patrice Le Nouveau, Musician and game design support

## Technologies used
  - Unity3D
  - Blender
  - Photoshop
  - Illustrator
  - FL Studio

## Gameplay
The scenery
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/byKnGtv.png)

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/aqNYj3l.png)
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/tEOHWqP.png)

## Power-Ups
### Bubble Pound
Upon activation, the bubble pound launches you in the air while making you move slightly forward and then smashes you on the ground with such force that a shockwave forms propels nearby enemies.

Red bubble being launched in the air by activating the bubble pound.
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/evvETkI.png)

The shockwave created by the red bubble propelling the green and yellow bubble.
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/k47UuR1.png)

### Whirpool
Upon activation, a whirlpool is spawned on your location. The whirlpool sucks enemies in a swirling pattern. The whirlpool moves slowly and lasts only a few seconds. It is possible to get out of the whirlpool and the caster is immune to it.

Red bubble enjoys himself while the three other players are fighting furiously against the wrath of the whirlpool.
![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cTlp45E.png)
